Implement webhook creation (#7)
Extheoisah/hxckr-infra: README.md

# Hxckr Infra Repo

> > This repo contains service to run the infrasturacture for the hxckr project which include:
> 
> 1. Service for interacting with the soft serve git server(please to [Git Service Setup](./git-service/SETUP.md))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This repo contains the service to run the infrastructure for the hxckr project which includes:

1. Service for interacting with the soft serve git server(please refer to [Git Service Setup](./git-service/SETUP.md))
```
